I wrote Z friends it's Julie and today
I'm going to be talking about the Ruby
Lux red bulbs that I tried for a light
therapy it looks the package looks like
this and I did an unboxing video of the
three colors that I'm trying out I will
put a link to that right here so this
would be the red one I gave it a try
I've been using it now for several weeks
and I feel that I have a good
understanding of how it works me it
looks like this you can't tell that it's
red unless it's actually plugged in this
is how it comes this is what you get I
used it with goggles they look like this
they're called super Sony's you can find
them online just about anywhere so these
were the ones that I used I already
happen to have them because I've been
using other light therapy products if
you've been watching my channel for a
while you know that I quite familiar
with light therapy and have tried quite
a few of them now um this one though I
tried because it's $19.99 on Amazon and
US dollars on the amazon.com site which
I found really incredible and somebody
actually asked me if I'd used it before
and I said no but then I kind of really
wanted to so I contacted the company and
it was sent to me for free to try out
again I explained that in the video that
I linked to earlier and it looks just
like this you can't tell that it's red
until it's plugged in and then it is
very obviously red and the way that you
use it is you apply a piece of plastic
wrap over top of it um that keeps it
clean because you're going to be placing
it directly against your skin I used it
on this side of my face I used it in
this area right here because I wanted to
test out how each of the colored lights
were affecting my skin when I use them
so I had a designated place this was
where I was using the red light the
amber light was up here and I used the
blue light over here um what I found was
that the actual reaction that my face
had to this red light product was quite
similar to more powerful and far more
expensive products that I've used in the
past in this case the way that I used it
was as I said I covered it and I place
it directly against my skin according to
the directions and the directions also
said that I needed to use it for at
least 5 to 15 minutes per spot
because I'm not a patient person I used
it four or five maybe slightly more than
five minutes so I held it on the spot
had the ghazals on and basically just
sort of waited the time out what I did
find was that in that spot but I did use
it it did continue the results that I
had been using or had been receiving
from the other light therapy product
that I've been using up until that time
I did find that that area was not
irritated it kept inflammation down it
didn't break out into the pustules or
papules in times when I did actually see
problems in other parts of my face from
the really hot weather that I've been
having it's been over 30 degrees Celsius
which is I don't know like a million
degrees Fahrenheit something like that
and when I try changed my skincare
routine at certain points none of that
seemed to affect this little zone so
this definitely did keep up the red
light therapy benefits that I have seen
previously in other red light therapy
products except that this is a lot
cheaper and lighter than those ones so
basically if you are thinking of buying
a more expensive product and you want to
test to see if your skin will react to
it well this might be a really great way
to go I personally don't know if I'd be
patient enough to actually apply it to
all of the areas where I have rosacea
simply because I have rosacea and a
large part of my face it's actually I'm
wearing makeup right now but it actually
extends right up to my temples here it
comes down to about here and it circles
around the entire part of my cheeks it
looks like I'm wearing quite the big
butterfly wing kind of mask I don't have
it on my forehead nose or chin I'm very
fortunate that way I know a lot of other
people do I would use this if I had to
use this on my face it would probably
take three sessions per cheek if I did
it for the minimum time though it means
15 minutes per side which is 30 minutes
per day I don't know how patient I am
for that it's definitely worthwhile and
- if you're focused on saving money and
getting the benefits to this if you have
at least a half hour every day to
dedicate to this while you have
flare-ups and then maybe backing it down
to once or twice a week once your skin
is under control again then go for it
this is a really great product it does
give you the benefits of red light
therapy
according to my skin I just know how my
skin has reacted to it this is not a
sponsored video at all I don't know if I
said that already but I am not being
paid to say any of this just how my skin
reacted to these products the other
thing that I think would be a really
great option for this product is even if
you already have a more expensive light
therapy product if you travel a lot this
is a really great alternative to bring
with you because that way you can keep
up your therapy or you can have it with
you so that in case you need it you can
use it and you don't have to worry about
your two to three hundred dollar product
getting smashed in when you check your
luggage or because your bag was put down
wrong or because you threw it in the
trunk underneath the hard sided suitcase
this because it's only $19.99 it is just
a very light little this is a plastic
outer case here I wouldn't want to smash
this definitely I'd want to be able to
continue benefiting from it but if this
got hurt I wouldn't be as unhappy coming
home to have to replace this and buy
another one
then I would if I had to replace my more
expensive one yeah so if you want to
test to see if this red light would work
on your skin great option if you want a
small travel product you don't have to
worry about because he won't lose a
whole pile of money if something happens
if it goes missing or if it gets hurt
then this is a great option it
definitely worked the same way as more
expensive products it just took longer
and it had to be applied directly to the
face as opposed to shining it from a bit
of a distance so I definitely think this
is this is onto something I'm really
glad that I have this I did actually
travel with it that's how I thought of
that idea is I brought it with me I went
away for a few days and it came with me
and that was the perfect option because
it was very light and it was you know
very inexpensive so I was really happy
to have this again it is the Ruby Lux
red light I will put a link in the
description to kind of a bit of a
rundown that I've written up about it
and where you can get it I'm very I'm
surprised and I'm very pleased with the
fact that there is a kind of a less
expensive option out there so if you
have the time or you don't want to spend
the money or you are traveler those are
all really great reasons to check out
that product um yep really pleased with
it I hope you liked this video if you
did and if it helped you out I hope you
give it a thumbs up and if you want to
see more videos like this more reviews I
will be doing a review on the amber
light therapy also that I tried from
Ruby Lux so hang in there I hope you'll
subscribe to my channel I make new
videos every Sunday and Thursday than
that I will see you next time